docs: Add enable all feature to code patterns information CY-3558 (#503)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories-configure/code-patterns.md

![Filtering code patterns](images/code-pattern-category.png)

!!! tip

>     To enable all patterns inside a Category, you can use the filter to list all patterns inside that Category and then use the **Enable all** button.

Reviewer: Suggestion to make the text more concise:

```suggestion
    To enable all patterns inside a Category, you can use the filter to list all patterns inside that Category and click **Enable all**.
```

>     As an example, if you want to enable **all** Security patterns of a tool, instead of filtering and then enabling all the patterns one by one, you can simply add the filter and then click on the **Enable all** button.

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above, and removed the adverb "simply" because it's good practice to omit adverbs in technical documentation:

* https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/simply
* https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/word-choice/use-simple-words-concise-sentences

```suggestion
    As an example, if you want to enable **all** Security patterns of a tool, instead of filtering and then enabling all the patterns one by one, you can add the filter and click **Enable all**.
```

Author: Really nice suggestion! Didn't know about this good practice 🙏

Reviewer: Yes, if you're curious you can read a more thorough explanation about it on Google's style guide :nerd_face: 

https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/clear-sentences#minimize_certain_adjectives_and_adverbs_optional
